Changelog for improved diagnostics email (#2898)
FlowFuse/website: src/changelog/2025/01/improved-diagnostics.md

---
title: Improved Diagnostics
description: "Improved diagnostic info directly to your inbox"
date: 2024-01-14 13:00:00.0

authors: ["stephen-mclaughlin"]
tags:
    - changelog
---

It happens! Sometimes things go wrong, but don't worry, we have you covered.

> In FlowFuse V2.13, we have added some new email templates that provide better diagnostics for those rare occasions when things go wrong.
> 
> If you make a mistake when configuring your flows, or if there is a problem with the data you are sending, and you manage to crash your
> instance, the new email templates will provide you with more information about what went wrong.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Team and Enterprise customers on FlowFuse Cloud, we've improved the emails we send notifying you that something has gone wrong with one of your instances.

The emails now include more information about what has happened, including the most recent logs from Node-RED. We also include some tips as to what to do next, whether it was a code bug or a memory issue that triggered the problem.
```

Clarifying this feature is only for Team/Enterprise teams.
